# rock-paper-scissors

06-21-25 22:17 - This is my first ever javascript project and I'm pretty stoked. I actually started writing pseudocode and actual code at work using a codepen. I'm ready to get those into my actual file and get started on the rest. I'll share my thoughts as the project goes on!

06-22-25 16:31 - Project complete! I struggled last night trying to write the logic of playing a full game of five rounds. I tried all different kinds of methods and never got close. I turned to discord for some nudging in the right direction and figured out the flaw in my thought process. I was only calling the choice function one time and assigned them to variables, so therefore running it 5 times kept the same choices. I nixed the functions being assigned to variables and simply ran the choice function 5 times with the playRound. I wrapped up the last bit with an if else statement to declare the winner. Super stoked on this project and excited to go further! Thanks to the TOP discord for the encouragement and help!

6-30-25 22:48 - Starting to work with the DOM to add a UI to the project. Feeling pretty confident but I'm sure it's going to be a challenge; hopefully I'll learn a lot.

7-1-25 00:54 - project complete. Surprisingly I didn't struggle that much. I had a few syntax issues that I was able to work out myself. I'm really happy with how it turned out; keeping the UI basic for now. Maybe I will mess around with it in the future and make it cooler for some more practice. For now, on to more learning!

7-1-25 22:24 - So after I pushed it to github and played around with the deployment I realized that once the text color for the winner was declared and a new game started that text color remained. I went back in and fixed the colors so that they're correct now. My girlfriend also pointed out that on mobile the buttons were small and very close together so I adjusted the size, weight, and margins. Happy with this simple UI and I truly enjoyed the coding of this. I can't wait for more!